.TH HSH 1 "08 Dec 2021" "1.0" "simple_shell man page"
.SH NAME
.B simple_shell
- Man For Simple Shell Project for Holberton School.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B ./hsh
[command] [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The simple shell is the Linux command line interpreter. It provides an interface between the user and the kernel and executes programs called commands. For example, if a user enters ls then the shell executes the ls command.


.B Overview

This Is A rebuild of the simple UNIX command interpreter
.B (shell).
.SH OPTIONS
 Options are specific to and interpreted by the program that the command calls. By convention, options are separate arguments that follow the name of the command
.SH ARGUMENTS
The first argument, argument 0 is understood to be the command to be run by
.B simple shell
and arguments following as modifier or options.
.SH Return value
The return value of a simple shell is (0)
.SH Example :
.BR



.B Example 1

$./hsh

$

.B Example 2

$ls

.RS 3
AUTHORS           execute_line.c          extern.c
.br
hsh               putchar.c               read_line.c
.br
README.md         shell.c                 shell.h
.br
split_line.c      str.c
.RE
$


.SH RESERVED WORDS
.B exit:
exit command in linux is used to exit the shell where it is currently running. It takes one more parameter as [N] and exits the shell with a return of status N. If n is not provided, then it simply returns the status of last command that is executed. After pressing enter, the terminal will

.B env:
env is a shell command for Unix and Unix-like operating systems. It is used to either print a list of environment variables or run another utility in an altered environment without having to modify the currently existing environment.

.B PATH:
PATH is an environmental variable in Linux and other Unix-like operating systems that tells the shell which directories to search for executable files (i.e., ready-to-run programs) in response to commands issued by a user.

.SH SEE ALSO
.I _printf
.SH BUGS
No bugs know. if there is a bug you can contact us in email.
.SH AUTHOR
.BR
